susie called the police to report that
her husband never showed for dinner
when detective smith arrives he scans
the room
he tells susie she needs to follow him
to the police station for questioning
why
the table was set but there was only one
plate there
you went hiking in the forest but got
lost on your way back
you're hungry and scan around for food
but you
only find three types of mushrooms the
first has
white gills and a ring on its stem the
second has a bold red
cap on top and the third has a spongy
texture instead of gills
and has been nibbled on by a deer which
of these is safe to eat
the first one is called springtime
amanita a dangerous mushroom species
the second is called the fly agaric a
poisonous mushroom species that will
give you
unpleasant hallucinations your best bet
is the spongy one
it's known as a boletti first check for
red or yellow pores
and cut it to see if it turns blue if
not you're free to eat it
and hopefully you won't turn blue you
got lost in the town
and made it to the town's castle to ask
for directions
a scary figure tells you you must spend
the night in one of the rooms
if you make it through you're free to go
one room's floor is hot lava the other
is filled with a pack of hungry wolves
one has 36 venomous snakes and the other
room is a tropical holiday resort
you don't know which room is the resort
but you've got a clue
in the opposite world you'd pick the
room with the number 730
where should you go room 730 room
37 room 307 or room 370.
room 37 in the opposite world you'd be
reading the number backward
you're stranded on a deserted island
without any water other than seawater
the only thing around you
is a cooking pan matches a cup
and a plastic sheet how can you get
fresh water
add sea water in your cooking pan boil
it by lighting the matches
and add the plastic sheet a few inches
on top then collect the evaporated and
distilled water in your cup
and drink a mean engineer took you to
his lab to test your intelligence
you must pick one location in our galaxy
excluding the earth
to survive for a week your oxygen tank
will only last you 48 hours
where would you go
[Music]
all moons and planets in our solar
system are uninhabitable
your only option is the international
space station
you were exploring caves in an
archaeological site
when of course you got lost suddenly you
come across
three long tunnels all of them lead to
safety
but they're filled with traps and you
must remove your shoes to enter
the first tunnel has evenly laid out
sharp nails of the same size
the second tunnel is filled with
millions of scorpions you must step on
to get through
the third path has sharp knives hidden
underground
that pop into the surface when they
sense movement which is the least
painful path to go through
the first one since the nails are evenly
placed and are of the same size
the pressure will spread on the surface
of your feet and the effects will be
minimal
you make it to the other side yay when
you see a room filled with gold
a mysterious person shows up and tells
you that he'll let you take some gold
but can't lift the gate for you to get
in and there's a catch
you can't let the monster guarding the
gold see you
and you can only enter once the mystery
man presents
three pills to you the red one makes you
invisible
and capable of walking through walls the
blue one turns you into a hamster
and the yellow turns you into a snake
which of the three pills should you take
the blue one to become a hamster even
invisible the monster will see the gold
floating out of the cave
the snake couldn't carry any gold but
the hamster can carry enough gold in its
cheeks
to double its head in size
you went to pick out a christmas tree in
mid-december when you're hit with a
polar vortex
and you escape into a cave three tunnels
open in front of you
but only one of them is safe the first
tunnel takes you to the bottom of the
mariana trench
the second takes you to the bottom of an
active volcano
the third one takes you to a room with
13 bears
which one of the three is safe
the third tunnel of course since it's
the middle of winter
bears would be hibernating
jason came home for dinner his wife
greeted him
and went upstairs to get ready but she
never returned
jason looked everywhere for her and
called the police
when detectives came in they questioned
everyone in the house
which person had the least convincing
alibi
the butler said he was vacuuming the
interior of his car
the chef said he was cooking dinner for
the couple and the cleaner said he was
chopping veggies for the salad
who do you think is lying
the cleaner chopping salad doesn't sound
like it's in his job description
especially since the house has a chef
a group of friends is hanging out on the
edge of a cliff
the first one is digging for diamonds
when there's hollow space beneath him
the second friend is blindfolded walking
on a wooden board and is ready to fall
off the cliff
the third one is chasing a little forest
animal without paying attention to
what's going on
around her okay sing with me one of
these friends is dumber than the other
but who
the guy digging for diamonds might soon
see that the hole he's digging leads to
a cliff
and he'll stop the girl in the red shirt
might realize that there's nothing in
front of her
when she puts her right leg forward the
least smart is the girl in the yellow
shirt
she's not paying attention to her friend
who's standing on the board and depends
on her
you woke up in an evil scientist lab his
colleague wants to help you escape
but you must prove you're worth it he
takes you to a room with a glass ceiling
and shows you three doors behind the
first door
there's molten lava behind the second
there's
100 sprinklers that spray acid when they
sense any movement
behind the last door a room with 50
mirrors
and a sun-powered laser that can cut
anything into little pieces
which is the safest door
the third one since you can see outside
from the ceiling
wait until it gets dark and go through
the sun-powered laser room
you've become a legend in your town for
your excellent survival skills
that's made you a target for the
craziest scientist in the galaxy
he took you to his private island to
test your skills
one last time he presents you with three
paths
and you must walk on one barefoot to
make it to the other side
the first one has broken glass the
second has
burning coals and the third has cactus
spines
which of the three is the safest
the burning coals glass can cut many
places on your feet
and cactus spines might cause an
infection on your feet
the coals will burn your feet but if you
walk fast enough the effects are less
painful
even run maybe you're stranded in the
desert
and in the distance you see three
separate paths
the first one leads to an unlimited
supply of
caviar the second leads to a lemon tree
filled with
guess what lemons the third one leads to
a basket of strawberries
and an unlimited water supply which path
do you follow
the second path caviar is delicious but
in the desert it will dehydrate you and
strawberries with water will only
temporarily help
but even if lemons are bitter they have
a ton of vitamin c which is essential if
you're stranded
also since there's the tree there to
provide the lemons it means
there's running water around
mr steve was found unconscious outside
his mansion on a friday afternoon
he can't quite remember what happened
only that he got hit in the head with a
shovel
the police questioned everyone in the
house his daughter said
she came home from a lengthy brunch and
wanted to go into her room and dance
his wife said she was getting ready to
go to a feather auction
and needed to get her checkbook really
the chef said
he was getting fresh eggs to make
delicious breakfast pancakes
it's the chef it's the afternoon not the
morning
but still for me it might be the wife i
mean
who goes to a feather auction